Fix Contents paths macOS (#4762)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/compiling-controllers-in-a-terminal.md

```sh
$ export WEBOTS_HOME=/Applications/Webots.app
$ export WEBOTS_HOME_PATH=$WEBOTS_HOME/Contents
```

> Or add this line to your "~/.profile" file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or add these lines to your "~/.profile" file.
```

> Once `WEBOTS_HOME` and `WEBOTS_HOME_PATH` are defined, you should be able to compile in a terminal, with the `make` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once these environment variables are defined, you should be able to compile in a terminal, with the `make` command.
```
